Entrypointcode (#4)
AgPipeline/agpypeline: actions_github/README.md

> # Contents to be Used for Github Actions Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Github Actions Support Folder
This folder contains files used to support GitHub actions and workflows
```
